let's me out huh hey are you a fan of
good old Agatha Christie novels or our
modern works with elements of thriller
more to your liking it's time to test
yourself we're all familiar with typical
IQ tests that rate your intelligence
level after you've answered 40
standardized questions but there are
some other ways to find out what your
inner genius can do we found several
riddles that only a few people can
figure out do you feel brave enough to
crack them then go ahead and test your
detective skills with these riddles
after each riddle you'll be given 15
seconds to find the answer here we go
number 7 jailbreak jack is placed in a
cell with a dirt floor and only one
window positioned so high no one could
reach it this cell is empty except for a
shovel it's hot and dry there but Jack
won't get any food or drink anytime soon
he has only two days to break out of the
jail if not he'll die we know what you
have immediately thought but no digging
a tunnel is not an option as it will
take more than two days so how should
Jack escape the cell what's your guess
don't forget you can pause the video to
have more time to think
[Music]
all set here's the answer
well the way out for Jack turned out to
be a piece of cake he had to use the
shovel to make a pile of dirt under the
window climb on it and escaped from the
cell seriously who secures prisoners
this way all right
number six a stolen necklace mrs. Smith
went to the police claiming that her
vintage necklace was missing
the woman was upset when the police
arrived they saw no signs of a break-in
no messed up locks no misplace doors
only one window was broken there was a
total mess inside the house and dirty
footprints all over the floor
surprisingly the next day mrs. Smith was
arrested for fraud why
are you ready there five seconds left
[Music]
here's the answer
the police were sure that mrs. Smith
lied to them because the window was
broken from the inside if it had been
broken from the outside little pieces of
glass would have been on the rooms floor
number five murder at school on the
first day of the school year a geography
teacher was murdered
the police had as many as four suspects
they were the gardener the math teacher
the coach and even the school principal
and I vote for the principal now the
sticking point was that they all had
alibis the gardener was cutting bushes
the math teacher was holding a mid-year
test the coach was playing basketball
the principal was in the office despite
this the killer was arrested immediately
can you guess who killed the geography
teacher and how the police solved the
mystery you have 15 seconds to find the
killer
[Music]
the killer was the math teacher
according to his own words he was
holding a mid-year test but the crime
happened on the first day of the school
year he needs to learn how to lie better
don't you think
number four a lonely man a lonely old
man lived in his house in the suburbs of
the city
he led a quiet life perhaps he was a
homebody as he never left his dwelling
for long it was a midsummer Friday when
the mailman walked by and called out for
the man
there was no answer coming from inside
the house the mailman looked into the
window and Ono saw the man in a pool of
blood when the policeman arrived he
found Tuesday's newspaper two bottles of
warm milk and one bottle of cold milk
the next day the killer was arrested do
you know how the police found out who it
was so quickly what is your idea
five seconds remaining can you see the
answer it was obviously the mailman he
knew that no one in that house would
read a newspaper on Wednesday or
Thursday that's why he came only on
Friday
number three two pills a serial killer
had a particular practice going he
kidnapped people and made them take one
of two pills one was harmless the other
was poisonous
whichever pill a victim took the serial
killer took the other one then the
scheme repeated itself continuously
victims took their pills with water and
died the killer
repeatedly survived how did he always
get the harmless pill good luck your
time has started
[Music]
here's the answer
the serial killer was tricking people
the poison was in the glass of water his
victims drank not in the pill oh that
stinks so unfair
anyway number two frozen windows once on
a cold winter day a tragedy happened Jon
found his friend dead in his own house
Jon called the police and said he was
just passing by Jack's house when he
decided to drop by to see him he had
been knocking and ringing the bell for a
long time however all was silent
perhaps Jack wasn't at home but Jon
could very well see the light in the
room through a frozen window he breathed
on the ice window glass and saw jack on
the floor unexpectedly for Jon the
police arrested him as the main suspect
why 15 seconds to go
only five seconds left obviously John
hasn't thought his legend through he
wouldn't be able to unfreeze the window
glass because it's usually I see on the
inside and finally number one chemical
substances a famous chemist was murdered
in his lab there was no evidence found
except for a piece of paper with the
names of chemical substances on it on
the day he was murdered the chemist had
only three visitors his wife Mary his
nephew Nicholas and his friend Jonathan
the police arrested the murderer right
away how did they know who it was a
little hint play closer attention to the
note
[Music]
the answer is hidden in the note this
piece of paper had a clue if you combine
the short names of the chemical
substances on the paper you'll get a
name ni SI o la ass even dying this man
remained a real chemist speaking of
chemists here's one for you johnny was a
chemist son but johnny is no more for
what he thought was h2o was h2so4 which
is of course sulfuric acid oops
well did you manage to solve these
detective riddles
did you Wow if so don't forget to hit
like and share this video with your
friends if we get at least 40,000 lights
for this video we will show you some
hard to solve riddles that will really
blow your mind wait for them
[Music]
you